NICOLLE WALLACE" STARTS RIGHT NOW.
NOW. >>> HI, EVERYONE.
>>> HI, EVERYONE. IT’S 4:00 IN NEW YORK.
IT’S 4:00 IN NEW YORK. A LEGAL THEORY THAT HAS LONG
A LEGAL THEORY THAT HAS LONG BEEN WHISPERED ABOUT BY LEGAL
BEEN WHISPERED ABOUT BY LEGAL EXPERTS AND VETERAN PROSECUTORS
EXPERTS AND VETERAN PROSECUTORS HAS SPILLED OUT INTO THE OPEN IN
HAS SPILLED OUT INTO THE OPEN IN THE WAKE OF MICHAEL COHEN’S
THE WAKE OF MICHAEL COHEN’S EXPLOSIVE TESTIMONY.
EXPLOSIVE TESTIMONY. THE POSSIBILITY THAT DONALD
THE POSSIBILITY THAT DONALD TRUMP AND THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION
TRUMP AND THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION ARE BEING INVESTIGATED AS A
ARE BEING INVESTIGATED AS A CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE.
CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE. THE UNDERCURRENTS HAVE BEEN
THE UNDERCURRENTS HAVE BEEN THERE ALL ALONG.
THERE ALL ALONG. FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT
FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICIALS AND LAWMAKERS
OFFICIALS AND LAWMAKERS COMPARING DONALD TRUMP’S CONDUCT
COMPARING DONALD TRUMP’S CONDUCT TO THAT OF A MOB BOSS.
TO THAT OF A MOB BOSS. >> IT’S LIKE, YOU KNOW, A "IS A
>> IT’S LIKE, YOU KNOW, A "IS A PRAWN
PRAWN SOPRANOS" EPISODE, TONY IS GOING
SOPRANOS" EPISODE, TONY IS GOING TO BE A POORLY LIT PARKING
TO BE A POORLY LIT PARKING GARAGE AND MEETING WITH A LEADER
GARAGE AND MEETING WITH A LEADER FROM ANOTHER MOB.
FROM ANOTHER MOB. >> THIS IS CLASSIC KIND OF
>> THIS IS CLASSIC KIND OF CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE BEHAVIOR.
CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE BEHAVIOR. RIGHT?
RIGHT? YOU HAVE A VERY -- A STRONG
YOU HAVE A VERY -- A STRONG LEADER WHO RULES BY FORCE OF
LEADER WHO RULES BY FORCE OF WILL AND PERMITSONALITY, WHO
WILL AND PERMITSONALITY, WHO DEMANDS UNQUESTIONED LOYALTY
DEMANDS UNQUESTIONED LOYALTY FROM THOSE PEOPLE AROUND HIM.
FROM THOSE PEOPLE AROUND HIM. >> HOW STRANGE IS IT FOR YOU TO
>> HOW STRANGE IS IT FOR YOU TO SIT HERE AND COMPARE THE
SIT HERE AND COMPARE THE PRESIDENT TO A MOB BOSS?
PRESIDENT TO A MOB BOSS? >> VERY STRANGE.
>> VERY STRANGE. AND I DON’T DO IT LIGHTLY.
AND I DON’T DO IT LIGHTLY. AND I’M NOT TRYING TO, BY THE
AND I’M NOT TRYING TO, BY THE WAY, SUGGEST THATING INGING LEGS
WAY, SUGGEST THATING INGING LEGS SHAKING DOWN SHOPKEEPERS.
SHAKING DOWN SHOPKEEPERS. INSTEAD, WHAT I’M TALKING ABOUT
INSTEAD, WHAT I’M TALKING ABOUT IS THAT LEADERSHIP CULTURE
IS THAT LEADERSHIP CULTURE CONSTANTLY COMES BACK TO ME WHEN
CONSTANTLY COMES BACK TO ME WHEN I THINK ABOUT MY EXPERIENCE WITH
I THINK ABOUT MY EXPERIENCE WITH THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION.
THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION. >> AND IN A PIECE OUT TODAY IN
>> AND IN A PIECE OUT TODAY IN "THE NEW YORK TIMES," GARRETT
"THE NEW YORK TIMES," GARRETT GRAFT DESCRIBES HOW PURSUING
GRAFT DESCRIBES HOW PURSUING TRUMP WORLD AS A MOB OPERATION
TRUMP WORLD AS A MOB OPERATION COULD TAKE DOWN TRUMP AND HIS
COULD TAKE DOWN TRUMP AND HIS ENTIRE EMPIRE.
ENTIRE EMPIRE. WRITING, "INDICTING THE WHOLE
WRITING, "INDICTING THE WHOLE TRUMP ORGANIZATION AS A, QUOTE,
TRUMP ORGANIZATION AS A, QUOTE, CORRUPTION ENTERPRISE, COULD
CORRUPTION ENTERPRISE, COULD HELP PROSECUTORS ADDRESS THE
HELP PROSECUTORS ADDRESS THE THORNY QUESTION OF WHETHER THE
THORNY QUESTION OF WHETHER THE PRESIDENT CAN BE INDICTED IN
PRESIDENT CAN BE INDICTED IN OFFICE.
OFFICE. THEY COULD LAY OUT A WHOLE
THEY COULD LAY OUT A WHOLE PATTERN OF CRIMINAL ACTIVITY,
PATTERN OF CRIMINAL ACTIVITY, INDICT NUMEROUS PLAYERS
INDICT NUMEROUS PLAYERS INCLUDING, PERHAPS, TRUMP FAMILY
INCLUDING, PERHAPS, TRUMP FAMILY MEMBERS, AND LEAVE THE
MEMBERS, AND LEAVE THE PRESIDENT, HIMSELF, AS A NAMED
PRESIDENT, HIMSELF, AS A NAMED UNINDICTED CO-CONSPIRATOR.
UNINDICTED CO-CONSPIRATOR. SUCH AN ACTION WOULD ALLOW
SUCH AN ACTION WOULD ALLOW INVESTIGATORS TO MAKE PUBLIC ALL
INVESTIGATORS TO MAKE PUBLIC ALL THE KNOWN ACTIVITY FOR CONGRESS
THE KNOWN ACTIVITY FOR CONGRESS AND THE PUBLIC TO CONSIDER AS
AND THE PUBLIC TO CONSIDER AS PART OF IMPEACHMENT HEARINGS OR
PART OF IMPEACHMENT HEARINGS OR RE-ELECTION.
RE-ELECTION. IT WOULD ALSO ACTIVATE POWERFUL
IT WOULD ALSO ACTIVATE POWERFUL FORFEITURE TOOLS FOR PROSECUTORS
FORFEITURE TOOLS FOR PROSECUTORS THAT COULD ALLOW THEM TO SEIZE
THAT COULD ALLOW THEM TO SEIZE THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION’S ASSETS
THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION’S ASSETS AND CUT OFF ITS INCOME STREAMS."
AND CUT OFF ITS INCOME STREAMS." AND ON THE CONGRESSIONAL FRONT
AND ON THE CONGRESSIONAL FRONT TODAY, ADAM SCHIFF ANNOUNCING HE
TODAY, ADAM SCHIFF ANNOUNCING HE HAS HIRED VETERAN RUSSIAN MOB
HAS HIRED VETERAN RUSSIAN MOB PROSECUTOR, SEE A THEME
PROSECUTOR, SEE A THEME EMERGING, FOLKS, DANIEL GOLDMAN,
EMERGING, FOLKS, DANIEL GOLDMAN, TO RUN THE HOUSE INTEL
TO RUN THE HOUSE INTEL INVESTIGATION INTO THE
INVESTIGATION INTO THE PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT. IT’S IN THE CONTEXT OF THIS
IT’S IN THE CONTEXT OF THIS DEVASTATING LEGAL PERIL THAT THE
DEVASTATING LEGAL PERIL THAT THE PRESIDENT APPEARS TO BE
PRESIDENT APPEARS TO BE SPIRALING INTO MELTDOWN MODE,
SPIRALING INTO MELTDOWN MODE, TWEETING, "PRESIDENTIAL
TWEETING, "PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT IN HIS OUTSIDE VOICE
HARASSMENT IN HIS OUTSIDE VOICE AS A REFRAIN IN PUBLICLY
AS A REFRAIN IN PUBLICLY ATTACKING THE NUMEROUS
ATTACKING THE NUMEROUS INVESTIGATIONS INTO HIS CONDUCT
INVESTIGATIONS INTO HIS CONDUCT THAT ARE NOW ENCIRCLING THE
THAT ARE NOW ENCIRCLING THE WHITE HOUSE, HIS FAMILY, HIS
WHITE HOUSE, HIS FAMILY, HIS BUSINESSES, AND HIS CLOSEST
BUSINESSES, AND HIS CLOSEST ALLIES."
ALLIES." >> THE WITCH HUNT CONTINUES.
>> THE WITCH HUNT CONTINUES. THE FACT IS THAT I GUESS WE GOT
THE FACT IS THAT I GUESS WE GOT 81 LETTERS.
81 LETTERS. THERE WAS NO COLLUSION.
THERE WAS NO COLLUSION. THERE WAS A HOAX.
THERE WAS A HOAX. THERE WAS NO ANYTHING.
THERE WAS NO ANYTHING. AND THEY WANT TO DO THAT INSTEAD
AND THEY WANT TO DO THAT INSTEAD OF GETTING LEGISLATION PASSED.
OF GETTING LEGISLATION PASSED. 81 PEOPLE OR ORGANIZATIONS GOT
81 PEOPLE OR ORGANIZATIONS GOT LETTERS.
LETTERS. IT’S A DISGRACE.
IT’S A DISGRACE. IT’S A DISGRACE TO OUR COUNTRY.
IT’S A DISGRACE TO OUR COUNTRY. >> AND THAT’S WHERE WE START
>> AND THAT’S WHERE WE START TODAY WITH SOME OF OUR FAVORITE
TODAY WITH SOME OF OUR FAVORITE REPORTERS AND FRIENDS.
REPORTERS AND FRIENDS. FRANK FIGLIUZZI, FORMER
FRANK FIGLIUZZI, FORMER ASSISTANT DIRECTOR FOR
ASSISTANT DIRECTOR FOR COUNTERINTELLIGENCE AT THE FBI
COUNTERINTELLIGENCE AT THE FBI IS BACK.
IS BACK. ELLIOT WILLIAMS.
ELLIOT WILLIAMS. FORMER DEPUTY ASSISTANT ATTORNEY
FORMER DEPUTY ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL JOINS US.
GENERAL JOINS US. ELLIOT, WE SHOULD ALSO ADD, NOW
ELLIOT, WE SHOULD ALSO ADD, NOW DOES WORK FOR AN ORGANIZATION
DOES WORK FOR AN ORGANIZATION ADVOCATING FOR THE PROTECTION OF
ADVOCATING FOR THE PROTECTION OF THE SPECIAL COUNSEL.
THE SPECIAL COUNSEL. HERE AT THE TABLE, MATTHEW
HERE AT THE TABLE, MATTHEW MILLER, FORMER CHIEF SPOKESMAN
MILLER, FORMER CHIEF SPOKESMAN AT THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE.
AT THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE. WHITE HOUSE REPORTER FOR THE
WHITE HOUSE REPORTER FOR THE "L.A. TIMES," ELI STOKOLS IS
"L.A. TIMES," ELI STOKOLS IS HERE.
HERE. ALYSSA MASTERMONACO MAKES HER
ALYSSA MASTERMONACO MAKES HER TRU
TRU TRIUMPHANT RETURN TO "DEADLINE
TRIUMPHANT RETURN TO "DEADLINE WHITE HOUSE."
WHITE HOUSE." AND DONNY DEUTSCH IS BACK.
AND DONNY DEUTSCH IS BACK. I GOT TO START WITH YOU, DONNY,
I GOT TO START WITH YOU, DONNY, BECAUSE YOU’RE SORT OF LIKE MEL
BECAUSE YOU’RE SORT OF LIKE MEL GIBSON IN THE MOVIE WHERE HE
GIBSON IN THE MOVIE WHERE HE SEES THE CONSPIRACY BEFORE
SEES THE CONSPIRACY BEFORE ANYBODY -- YOU KNOW THE ONE I’M
ANYBODY -- YOU KNOW THE ONE I’M TALKS ABOUT?
TALKS ABOUT? PEOPLE THINKS HE’S NUTS.
PEOPLE THINKS HE’S NUTS. JULIA ROBERTS BELIEVES HIM BUT
JULIA ROBERTS BELIEVES HIM BUT NOBODY ELSE.
NOBODY ELSE. YOU’VE BEEN SAYING THIS FOR
YOU’VE BEEN SAYING THIS FOR MONTHS.
MONTHS. >> I GUESS MAYBE WHY I HAD A
>> I GUESS MAYBE WHY I HAD A LITTLE FORWARD THINKING IS JUST
LITTLE FORWARD THINKING IS JUST BECAUSE OF 20 YEAR OF KNOWING
BECAUSE OF 20 YEAR OF KNOWING HOW THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION DOES
HOW THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION DOES BUSINESS.
BUSINESS. WATCHING ALL THESE LITTLE PIECES
WATCHING ALL THESE LITTLE PIECES FALL INTO PLACE.
FALL INTO PLACE. AND YOU STEP BACK AND I ALSO GO
AND YOU STEP BACK AND I ALSO GO ON THE PREMISE OF LAW
ON THE PREMISE OF LAW ENFORCEMENT IS ALL ABOUT
ENFORCEMENT IS ALL ABOUT STOPPING THE NEXT GUY FROM DOING
STOPPING THE NEXT GUY FROM DOING IT, AND, YOU KNOW, I SAID THIS
IT, AND, YOU KNOW, I SAID THIS ON YOUR SHOW BEFORE, WE HAVE A
ON YOUR SHOW BEFORE, WE HAVE A PRESIDENT WHO’S BASICALLY SHOWED
PRESIDENT WHO’S BASICALLY SHOWED UP AND TRIED TO DUMP ON 2 IT00
UP AND TRIED TO DUMP ON 2 IT00 YEARS OF HISTORY, SEPARATION OF
YEARS OF HISTORY, SEPARATION OF POWERS.
POWERS. THE BASIC TENETS OF MADISONIAN
THE BASIC TENETS OF MADISONIAN DEMOCRACY, FREE PRESS.
DEMOCRACY, FREE PRESS. I THINK THESE GUYS, I SAY THESE
I THINK THESE GUYS, I SAY THESE GUYS, THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT,
GUYS, THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT, THEY WANT TO PUT HIM UNDER.
THEY WANT TO PUT HIM UNDER. I DON’T THINK IT’S AN IM
I DON’T THINK IT’S AN IM IMPEACHMENT.
IMPEACHMENT. THEY WANT TO TAKE THE
THEY WANT TO TAKE THE ORGANIZATION ABOUT.
ORGANIZATION ABOUT. A CRIMINAL ORGANIZATION.
A CRIMINAL ORGANIZATION. MONEY LAUNDERING, BANK FRAUD,
MONEY LAUNDERING, BANK FRAUD, WIRE FRAUD, OBSTRUCTION OF
WIRE FRAUD, OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE, CAMPAIGN FINANCE LAWS,
JUSTICE, CAMPAIGN FINANCE LAWS, IT GOES ON AND ON AND ON AND ON.
IT GOES ON AND ON AND ON AND ON. THINK ASHTBOUT WHAT WE’VE SEEN I
THINK ASHTBOUT WHAT WE’VE SEEN I PUBLIC WHILE HE’S THE PRESIDENT.
PUBLIC WHILE HE’S THE PRESIDENT. NEFARIOUS ACTIVITIES.
NEFARIOUS ACTIVITIES. NOW IMAGINE AS A PRIVATE CITIZEN
NOW IMAGINE AS A PRIVATE CITIZEN WITH NOBODY WATCHING, WITH NO
WITH NOBODY WATCHING, WITH NO OVERSIGHT, WHAT HE IS CAPABLE OF
OVERSIGHT, WHAT HE IS CAPABLE OF DOING AND TAKE THE WILDEST
DOING AND TAKE THE WILDEST IMAGINATION, TAKE EVERY
IMAGINATION, TAKE EVERY WHITE-COLLAR CRIME YOU CAN THINK
WHITE-COLLAR CRIME YOU CAN THINK OF, TO THE NTH DEGREE.
OF, TO THE NTH DEGREE. I’M NOT TALKING ABOUT PHYSICAL
I’M NOT TALKING ABOUT PHYSICAL CRIMES BUT HE -- I PROMISE. YOU,
CRIMES BUT HE -- I PROMISE. YOU, THIS ORGANIZATION WILL TURN IT
THIS ORGANIZATION WILL TURN IT UP AND I BELIEVE FROM THE
UP AND I BELIEVE FROM THE BEGINNING, THE STATUTE WILL
BEGINNING, THE STATUTE WILL ALLOW THE PROSECUTORS TO DO
ALLOW THE PROSECUTORS TO DO EVERYTHING THEY WANT TO DO.
EVERYTHING THEY WANT TO DO. MY CONCERN, POLITICALLY, IS
MY CONCERN, POLITICALLY, IS WHAT’S GOING ON ON THE HILL.
WHAT’S GOING ON ON THE HILL. I’M CONCERNED WITH ALL THE
I’M CONCERNED WITH ALL THE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEES AND
OVERSIGHT COMMITTEES AND CONGRESS, IT STARTS TO SO
CONGRESS, IT STARTS TO SO CLEARLY GETS POLITICAL AND
CLEARLY GETS POLITICAL AND ALLOWS TRUMP TO START TO PLAY
ALLOWS TRUMP TO START TO PLAY THE VICTIM A BIT.
THE VICTIM A BIT. I ALMOST WISH EVERYBODY WOULD GO
I ALMOST WISH EVERYBODY WOULD GO QUIET UNTIL THE SOUTHERN
QUIET UNTIL THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT STEPS FORWARD AND GOES,
DISTRICT STEPS FORWARD AND GOES, HERE WE ARE.
HERE WE ARE. >> START TO PLAY --
>> START TO PLAY -- >> EXACTLY.
>> EXACTLY. LET ME ASK YOU ONE OTHER
LET ME ASK YOU ONE OTHER QUESTION BECAUSE YOU WERE LAST
QUESTION BECAUSE YOU WERE LAST HERE WHEN MICHAEL COHEN WAS ON
HERE WHEN MICHAEL COHEN WAS ON THE HILL.
THE HILL. YOU SAID SOMETHING THAT WE
YOU SAID SOMETHING THAT WE DIDN’T REALLY PICK UP ON AT THE
DIDN’T REALLY PICK UP ON AT THE TABLE, BUT AFTER YOUR
TABLE, BUT AFTER YOUR APPEARANCE, DOJ WATCHERS NOTED
APPEARANCE, DOJ WATCHERS NOTED YOUR COMMENT.
YOUR COMMENT. YOU SAID, "MICHAEL’S
YOU SAID, "MICHAEL’S RELATIONSHIP WITH SDNY CHANGED.
RELATIONSHIP WITH SDNY CHANGED. AT THE TIME OF SENTENCING, HE
AT THE TIME OF SENTENCING, HE HAD A MORE AMICABLE, PRODUCTIVE,
HAD A MORE AMICABLE, PRODUCTIVE, I DON’T KNOW IF YOU USED THOSE
I DON’T KNOW IF YOU USED THOSE WORDS, CORRECT ME IF I’M WRONG,
WORDS, CORRECT ME IF I’M WRONG, RELATIONSHIP WITH THE MUELLER
RELATIONSHIP WITH THE MUELLER INVESTIGATORS, THAT NOW THE
INVESTIGATORS, THAT NOW THE RELATIONSHIP IS JUST AS
RELATIONSHIP IS JUST AS FRUITFUL, JUST AS GOOD, WITH THE
FRUITFUL, JUST AS GOOD, WITH THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT PROSECUTORS.
SOUTHERN DISTRICT PROSECUTORS. WHY IS THAT?
WHY IS THAT? >> YEAH, I THINK PEOPLE COULD
>> YEAH, I THINK PEOPLE COULD USE THEIR IMAGINATION.
USE THEIR IMAGINATION. OBVIOUSLY, I CAN’T TALK ABOUT
OBVIOUSLY, I CAN’T TALK ABOUT ONGOING INVESTIGATIONS, BUT THE
ONGOING INVESTIGATIONS, BUT THE DIEYNAMIC --
DIEYNAMIC -- >> WAS MICHAEL COHEN HELPING
>> WAS MICHAEL COHEN HELPING THEM WITH ONGOING
THEM WITH ONGOING INVESTIGATIONS?
INVESTIGATIONS? >> HE’S BEEN TALKING ABOUT
>> HE’S BEEN TALKING ABOUT ONGOING INVESTIGATIONS.
ONGOING INVESTIGATIONS. TAKE THOSE WORDS FOR WHAT THEY
TAKE THOSE WORDS FOR WHAT THEY ARE.
ARE. THE RELATIONSHIP HAS CHANGED.
THE RELATIONSHIP HAS CHANGED. I THINK IF YOU BACK TO YOUR
I THINK IF YOU BACK TO YOUR OPENING, LOOK AT ALL THE PIECES
OPENING, LOOK AT ALL THE PIECES THAT WE’RE HYPOTHESIZING ABOUT,
THAT WE’RE HYPOTHESIZING ABOUT, GO, HMM, WHAT COULD BE ONE OF
GO, HMM, WHAT COULD BE ONE OF THE PEOPLE TO COBRROBORATE THE
THE PEOPLE TO COBRROBORATE THE PIECES OR POINT TO WHERE THE
PIECES OR POINT TO WHERE THE PIECES ARE?
PIECES ARE? MICHAEL COHEN, WEISSELBERG,
MICHAEL COHEN, WEISSELBERG, WEISSELBERG, AS MUCH AS WE HEARD
WEISSELBERG, AS MUCH AS WE HEARD ABOUT COHEN, IN THE NEXT YEAR
ABOUT COHEN, IN THE NEXT YEAR YOU’RE GOING TO HEAR THAT NAME
YOU’RE GOING TO HEAR THAT NAME EVEN MORE.
EVEN MORE. >> I STARTED WITH THIS RECO
>> I STARTED WITH THIS RECO PIECE.
PIECE. PEOPLE LIKE ME KNOW JUST ENOUGH
PEOPLE LIKE ME KNOW JUST ENOUGH TO BE DANGEROUS WITH THIS, FRANK
TO BE DANGEROUS WITH THIS, FRANK FIGLIUZZI.
FIGLIUZZI. IT’S NOTABLE THAT PEOPLE HAD
IT’S NOTABLE THAT PEOPLE HAD ACCESS TO A LOT MORE INFORMATION
ACCESS TO A LOT MORE INFORMATION THAN WE DID.
THAN WE DID. SOMEONE LIKE JIM COMB MANY IEY W
SOMEONE LIKE JIM COMB MANY IEY W HEAD OF THE FBI WHEN DONALD
HEAD OF THE FBI WHEN DONALD TRUMP BECAME PRESIDENT.
TRUMP BECAME PRESIDENT. HAS ACCESS TO THE
HAS ACCESS TO THE COUNTERINTELLIGENCE
COUNTERINTELLIGENCE INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATION. ANDREW McCABE WHO WAS ACTING FBI
ANDREW McCABE WHO WAS ACTING FBI DIRECTOR WHEN THE
DIRECTOR WHEN THE COUNTERINTELLIGENCE
COUNTERINTELLIGENCE INVESTIGATION WAS EXPANDED TO
INVESTIGATION WAS EXPANDED TO INCLUDE DONALD TRUMP.
INCLUDE DONALD TRUMP. ERIC SWALWELL, A MEMBER OF THE
ERIC SWALWELL, A MEMBER OF THE HOUSE INTEL COMMITTEE.
HOUSE INTEL COMMITTEE. THEY’VE BEEN MAKING THESE MOB
THEY’VE BEEN MAKING THESE MOB ANALOGIES FOR A LONG TIME.
ANALOGIES FOR A LONG TIME. AND WE ALWAYS HEARD THEM, WE
AND WE ALWAYS HEARD THEM, WE WENT, WOW, YOU KNOW, IS THAT TOO
WENT, WOW, YOU KNOW, IS THAT TOO MUCH?
MUCH? IT SOUNDS LIKE LAW ENFORCEMENT
IT SOUNDS LIKE LAW ENFORCEMENT HAS KNOWN EXACTLY WHAT THEY’RE
HAS KNOWN EXACTLY WHAT THEY’RE DEALING WITH, EXACTLY HOW TO
DEALING WITH, EXACTLY HOW TO INVESTIGATE THEM, AND, PERHAPS,
INVESTIGATE THEM, AND, PERHAPS, IF DONNY’S ON TO SOMETHING, THE
IF DONNY’S ON TO SOMETHING, THE PROSECUTORS KNOW EXACTLY HOW
PROSECUTORS KNOW EXACTLY HOW THEY WOULD PROSECUTE SUCH AN
THEY WOULD PROSECUTE SUCH AN ENTERPRISE.
ENTERPRISE. >> YEAH, WE’RE FINALLY STARTING
>> YEAH, WE’RE FINALLY STARTING TO SEE PUBLIC DISCUSSION OF WHAT
TO SEE PUBLIC DISCUSSION OF WHAT UNDOUBTEDLY HAS BEEN DISCUSSED
UNDOUBTEDLY HAS BEEN DISCUSSED IN THE HALLWAYS OF SOUTHERN
IN THE HALLWAYS OF SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, FBI NEW
DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, FBI NEW YORK, AND PROBABLY IN WASHINGTON
YORK, AND PROBABLY IN WASHINGTON AS WELL, WHICH IS THIS CONCEPT
AS WELL, WHICH IS THIS CONCEPT THAT WHILE WE’RE ALL THINKING,
THAT WHILE WE’RE ALL THINKING, BOY, THIS SOUNDS LIKE A MOB
BOY, THIS SOUNDS LIKE A MOB FAMILY, THE LAWYERS AND AGENTS
FAMILY, THE LAWYERS AND AGENTS ARE SAYING, THERE’S A TOOL FOR
ARE SAYING, THERE’S A TOOL FOR THIS.
THIS. THERE’S A WAY WE ADDRESS MOB
THERE’S A WAY WE ADDRESS MOB FAMILIES AND ORGANIZATIONS.
FAMILIES AND ORGANIZATIONS. AND IT’S CALLED RECO.
AND IT’S CALLED RECO. THE BASIC NOTION IS THAT THE SUM
THE BASIC NOTION IS THAT THE SUM IS GREATER THAN THE PART.
IS GREATER THAN THE PART. SO YOU CAN GO AHEAD AND ATTACK
SO YOU CAN GO AHEAD AND ATTACK AN ORGANIZATION BY HITTING
AN ORGANIZATION BY HITTING INDIVIDUALS WITH PROCESS KUXSECU
INDIVIDUALS WITH PROCESS KUXSECU THIS CHARGE AND THAT CHARGE AND
THIS CHARGE AND THAT CHARGE AND IT’S VERY UNWIELDY AND TAKES A
IT’S VERY UNWIELDY AND TAKES A LONG TIME.
LONG TIME. AND THEN YOU REALLY NEVER
AND THEN YOU REALLY NEVER ESSENTIALLY GET TO THE BOSS.
ESSENTIALLY GET TO THE BOSS. IT’S DESIGNED TO GET TO THE BOSS
IT’S DESIGNED TO GET TO THE BOSS BECAUSE IF YOU CHARGE THE
BECAUSE IF YOU CHARGE THE UNDERLINGS AND THEY DON’T TALK
UNDERLINGS AND THEY DON’T TALK BECAUSE THEY USE THE OMERTA
BECAUSE THEY USE THE OMERTA CODE, THE CODE OF SILENCE, WE’VE
CODE, THE CODE OF SILENCE, WE’VE SEEN THAT EVEN IN THIS
SEEN THAT EVEN IN THIS ORGANIZATION, THEN YOU MAY NEVER
ORGANIZATION, THEN YOU MAY NEVER GET HIM.
GET HIM. SO RECO SAYS, LOOK, ALL OF THIS
SO RECO SAYS, LOOK, ALL OF THIS TOGETHER IS MUCH LARGER THAN THE
TOGETHER IS MUCH LARGER THAN THE INDIVIDUAL PARTS, AND THERE’S A
INDIVIDUAL PARTS, AND THERE’S A LEADER BEHIND THIS.
LEADER BEHIND THIS. AND THAT’S WHAT RECO’S DESIGNED
AND THAT’S WHAT RECO’S DESIGNED TO DO.
TO DO. I TELL YOU WHEN THE LIGHT BULB
I TELL YOU WHEN THE LIGHT BULB WENT OFF OVER MY HEAD, I SAID
WENT OFF OVER MY HEAD, I SAID THIS HAS GOT TO BE A RECO
THIS HAS GOT TO BE A RECO CONSIDERATION, WHICH IS MICHAEL
CONSIDERATION, WHICH IS MICHAEL COHEN’S TESTIMONY.
COHEN’S TESTIMONY. MICHAEL COHEN’S TESTIMONY DID IT
MICHAEL COHEN’S TESTIMONY DID IT FOR ME.
FOR ME. HE -- THIS WAS ESSENTIALLY A MOB
HE -- THIS WAS ESSENTIALLY A MOB INFORMANT TALKING, AND I’D BE
INFORMANT TALKING, AND I’D BE SURPRISED IF SOUTHERN DISTRICT
SURPRISED IF SOUTHERN DISTRICT OR SOME OTHER PROSECUTIVE ARM IS
OR SOME OTHER PROSECUTIVE ARM IS NOT SERIOUSLY APPROACHING THIS
NOT SERIOUSLY APPROACHING THIS AS A RECO.
AS A RECO. >> ELLIOT, LET ME BRING YOU IN
>> ELLIOT, LET ME BRING YOU IN ON THIS.
ON THIS. AND LET ME ASK YOU TO GIVE US
AND LET ME ASK YOU TO GIVE US SOME HISTORICAL ANALYSIS BECAUSE
SOME HISTORICAL ANALYSIS BECAUSE I, AGAIN, KNOW JUST ENOUGH TO BE
I, AGAIN, KNOW JUST ENOUGH TO BE DANGEROUS, BUT MY READ TODAY
DANGEROUS, BUT MY READ TODAY BASED ON "THE NEW YORK TIMES"
BASED ON "THE NEW YORK TIMES" PIECE I QUOTED AT THE TOP
PIECE I QUOTED AT THE TOP SUGGESTS THAT RUDY GIULIANI
SUGGESTS THAT RUDY GIULIANI REALLY WAS A PIONEER IN USING
REALLY WAS A PIONEER IN USING THE RECO LAW, RACKETEERING
THE RECO LAW, RACKETEERING STATUTES, TO PROSECUTE MOB
STATUTES, TO PROSECUTE MOB FAMILIES IN NEW YORK CITY FOR
FAMILIES IN NEW YORK CITY FOR FEDERAL CRIMES IN WAYS THEY
FEDERAL CRIMES IN WAYS THEY HADN’T BEEN PROSECUTED BEFORE.
HADN’T BEEN PROSECUTED BEFORE. IS THAT RIGHT?
IS THAT RIGHT? >> YEAH, AND IT’S SORT OF -- I
>> YEAH, AND IT’S SORT OF -- I HESITATE TO SAY TURNABOUT AS
HESITATE TO SAY TURNABOUT AS FAIR PLAY.
FAIR PLAY. IT IS STRIKING IT’S RUDY
IT IS STRIKING IT’S RUDY GIULIANI AT THE CENTER OF THIS.
GIULIANI AT THE CENTER OF THIS. JUST AS FRANK SAID, THIS IS
JUST AS FRANK SAID, THIS IS EXACTLY HOW YOU WOULD BUILD A
EXACTLY HOW YOU WOULD BUILD A RECO PROSECUTION BY WORKING YOUR
RECO PROSECUTION BY WORKING YOUR WAY UP AND AN IMPORTANT FACT IS
WAY UP AND AN IMPORTANT FACT IS TWO OF THE CRITICAL PLAYERS
TWO OF THE CRITICAL PLAYERS HERE, WHICH ARE ALWAYS TWO
HERE, WHICH ARE ALWAYS TWO CRITICAL PLAYERS IN A RECO
CRITICAL PLAYERS IN A RECO ORGANIZATION, ARE THE LAWYER AND
ORGANIZATION, ARE THE LAWYER AND THE ACCOUNTANT.
THE ACCOUNTANT. SO YOU HAVE ALLEN WEISSELBERG
SO YOU HAVE ALLEN WEISSELBERG AND HAVE MICHAEL COHEN, LAWYER
AND HAVE MICHAEL COHEN, LAWYER AND ACCOUNTANT, WHICH IN ANY MOB
AND ACCOUNTANT, WHICH IN ANY MOB PROSECUTION ARE ALWAYS
PROSECUTION ARE ALWAYS INDIVIDUALS SS SS WHO THEY -- YO
INDIVIDUALS SS SS WHO THEY -- YO ASHARING
ASHARING SECRETS WITH THE MOB BOSS.
SECRETS WITH THE MOB BOSS. YOU CAN’T PROTECT THEIR SECRETS
YOU CAN’T PROTECT THEIR SECRETS WHEN THEY’RE USED TO FURTHER
WHEN THEY’RE USED TO FURTHER CRIMES.
CRIMES. .
. IF TRUMP WAS TALKING TO
IF TRUMP WAS TALKING TO WEISSELBERG OR COHEN ABOUT
WEISSELBERG OR COHEN ABOUT CRIMINAL ACTIVITY, THAT’S ALL
CRIMINAL ACTIVITY, THAT’S ALL GONG TO GET OUT THERE.
GONG TO GET OUT THERE. SO ABSOLUTELY, IT IS STRIKING
SO ABSOLUTELY, IT IS STRIKING THAT THE INDIVIDUAL WHO SPENT
THAT THE INDIVIDUAL WHO SPENT THE -- QUITE SUCCESSFULLY, YOU
THE -- QUITE SUCCESSFULLY, YOU KNOW, RUDY GIULIANI HAD AN
KNOW, RUDY GIULIANI HAD AN AMAZINGLY SACKUCCESSFUL TENURE A
AMAZINGLY SACKUCCESSFUL TENURE A HEAD OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF
HEAD OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AS THE U.S. ATTORNEY,
NEW YORK, AS THE U.S. ATTORNEY, BUT IS NOW SO CRITICALLY TIED TO
BUT IS NOW SO CRITICALLY TIED TO THE PRESIDENT AS HE’S FACING
THE PRESIDENT AS HE’S FACING THESE KINDS OF INVESTIGATIONS.
THESE KINDS OF INVESTIGATIONS. AND SO WE’RE NOT GOING TO SEE
AND SO WE’RE NOT GOING TO SEE THE END OF THIS.
THE END OF THIS. THEY’RE WORKING THEIR WAY UP TO
THEY’RE WORKING THEIR WAY UP TO THE TOP AND I KNOW WE’LL TALK
THE TOP AND I KNOW WE’LL TALK ABOUT CONGRESS LATER, BUT YOU’RE
ABOUT CONGRESS LATER, BUT YOU’RE SEEING A SIMILAR INVESTIGATION
SEEING A SIMILAR INVESTIGATION THERE WHERE YOU ATTACK IT FROM
THERE WHERE YOU ATTACK IT FROM ALL SIDES, ALL INDIVIDUALS WHO
ALL SIDES, ALL INDIVIDUALS WHO MIGHT HAVE RESPONSIVE DOCUMENTS
MIGHT HAVE RESPONSIVE DOCUMENTS OR INFORMATION, AND SEE WHAT
OR INFORMATION, AND SEE WHAT KIND OF CASE YOU CAN BUILD.
KIND OF CASE YOU CAN BUILD. BUT IT IS STRIKING, YOU KNOW, I
BUT IT IS STRIKING, YOU KNOW, I DON’T WANT TO CALL THE PRESIDENT
DON’T WANT TO CALL THE PRESIDENT A MOBSTER BUT IT’S STRIKING HOW
A MOBSTER BUT IT’S STRIKING HOW LEGALLY SIMILAR THE TECHNIQUES
LEGALLY SIMILAR THE TECHNIQUES HE WOULD TAKE TO BUILD A CASE
HE WOULD TAKE TO BUILD A CASE HERE WOULD BE.
HERE WOULD BE. >> I MEAN, JIM COMEY AND ANDREW
>> I MEAN, JIM COMEY AND ANDREW McCABE DIDN’T CALL HIM THE
McCABE DIDN’T CALL HIM THE MOBSTER BUT MADE THE SAME POINT.
MOBSTER BUT MADE THE SAME POINT. IT’S STRIKING HOW SIMILAR THE
IT’S STRIKING HOW SIMILAR THE CONDUCT IS.
CONDUCT IS. I WANT TO ASK YOU ABOUT
I WANT TO ASK YOU ABOUT SOMETHING CHRIS CHRISTIE SAID IN
SOMETHING CHRIS CHRISTIE SAID IN THAT CHAIR LAST WEEK.
THAT CHAIR LAST WEEK. HE SAID TRUMP DIDN’T TELL HIM TO
HE SAID TRUMP DIDN’T TELL HIM TO LIE.
LIE. IT WOULD SEEM UNDER THE STATUTE
IT WOULD SEEM UNDER THE STATUTE HE WOULDN’T HAVE TO, THAT THE
HE WOULDN’T HAVE TO, THAT THE CRIMINALITY WAS IMPLICIT AND
CRIMINALITY WAS IMPLICIT AND EXPLICIT AND IF YOU LOOK AT SORT
EXPLICIT AND IF YOU LOOK AT SORT OF THE RECENT REPORTING ABOUT
OF THE RECENT REPORTING ABOUT THE LATEST EFFORTS AT ON
THE LATEST EFFORTS AT ON STRUKTS,STRUKTS
STRUKTS,STRUKTS OBSTRUCTION, IT WASN’T TRYING TO
OBSTRUCTION, IT WASN’T TRYING TO OBSTRUCT THE MUELLER PROBE.
OBSTRUCT THE MUELLER PROBE. THE PRESIDENT IS ON THE RECORD,
THE PRESIDENT IS ON THE RECORD, HAS BEEN REPORTED AND HASN’T
HAS BEEN REPORTED AND HASN’T REFUTED THAT HE TRIED TO
REFUTED THAT HE TRIED TO INTERFERE AND OBSTRUCT THE
INTERFERE AND OBSTRUCT THE INVESTIGATIONS OUT OF SDNY.
INVESTIGATIONS OUT OF SDNY. >> YEAH, WHAT MICHAEL COHEN SAID
>> YEAH, WHAT MICHAEL COHEN SAID THAT I THOUGHT WAS SO
THAT I THOUGHT WAS SO INTERESTING IF HIS TESTIMONY WAS
INTERESTING IF HIS TESTIMONY WAS THE PRESIDENT DIDN’T ACTUALLY
THE PRESIDENT DIDN’T ACTUALLY TELL ME TO LIE, HE DIDN’T HAVE
TELL ME TO LIE, HE DIDN’T HAVE TO.
TO. THAT’S NOT HOW HE WORKS.
THAT’S NOT HOW HE WORKS. IF YOU’VE BEEN WITH HIM LONG
IF YOU’VE BEEN WITH HIM LONG ENOUGH, EVERYONE ELSE KNOWS WITH
ENOUGH, EVERYONE ELSE KNOWS WITH WHAT HE MEANS.
WHAT HE MEANS. IF YOU LISTEN TO WHAT JIM COMEY
IF YOU LISTEN TO WHAT JIM COMEY SAID IN HIS TESTIMONY BACK UNTIL
SAID IN HIS TESTIMONY BACK UNTIL NOW TWO YEARS AGO, HE KNEW WHAT
NOW TWO YEARS AGO, HE KNEW WHAT THE PRESIDENT MEANT WHEN THE
THE PRESIDENT MEANT WHEN THE PRESIDENT ASKED HIM ABOUT THE
PRESIDENT ASKED HIM ABOUT THE MIKE FLYNN INVESTIGATION, HE
MIKE FLYNN INVESTIGATION, HE TOOK THAT AS AN ORDER.
TOOK THAT AS AN ORDER. HE DIDN’T FOLLOW IT BUT
HE DIDN’T FOLLOW IT BUT INTERPRETED IT AS AN ORDER.
INTERPRETED IT AS AN ORDER. I THINK WHEN YOU LOOK ALL
I THINK WHEN YOU LOOK ALL AROUND, THAT’S THE QUESTION
AROUND, THAT’S THE QUESTION THAT’S GOING TO COME UP OVER AND
THAT’S GOING TO COME UP OVER AND OVER AGAIN.
OVER AGAIN. WHAT DID THE PRESIDENT MEAN WHEN
WHAT DID THE PRESIDENT MEAN WHEN HE WAS TALKING ABOUT PARDONS,
HE WAS TALKING ABOUT PARDONS, WHAT DID HE MEAN, WHAT DID HIS
WHAT DID HE MEAN, WHAT DID HIS ATTORNEYS MEAN WHEN TALKING
ATTORNEYS MEAN WHEN TALKING ABOUT PARDONS?
ABOUT PARDONS? WHENEVER YOU GET INTO THIS
WHENEVER YOU GET INTO THIS OBSTRUCTIVE BEHAVIOR BY THE
OBSTRUCTIVE BEHAVIOR BY THE PRESIDENT, YOU’RE TRYING TO
PRESIDENT, YOU’RE TRYING TO DEFINE HIS INTENT AND THE WAY
DEFINE HIS INTENT AND THE WAY YOU DEFINE HIS INTENT, WHAT THE
YOU DEFINE HIS INTENT, WHAT THE PEOPLE AROUND HIM TOOK IT TO
PEOPLE AROUND HIM TOOK IT TO MEAN AND WHAT ME SAID TO OTHER
MEAN AND WHAT ME SAID TO OTHER PEOPLE.
PEOPLE. I THINK WHAT YOU WILL BEGIN TO
I THINK WHAT YOU WILL BEGIN TO SEE ARE MORE WITNESSES LIKE
SEE ARE MORE WITNESSES LIKE MICHAEL L COHEN.
MICHAEL L COHEN. SO WE KNOW SOME OF THEM ARE
SO WE KNOW SOME OF THEM ARE COOPERATING WITH THE MUELLER
COOPERATING WITH THE MUELLER PROBE ALREADY.
PROBE ALREADY. OBVIOUSLY, PEOPLE LIKE MIKE
OBVIOUSLY, PEOPLE LIKE MIKE FLYNN.
FLYNN. BUT AS WE TURN THE PAGE NOW TO
BUT AS WE TURN THE PAGE NOW TO CONGRESSIONAL INVESTIGATIONS,
CONGRESSIONAL INVESTIGATIONS, MIKE B LCHAEL COHEN ISN’T GOING
MIKE B LCHAEL COHEN ISN’T GOING THE ONLY PERSON COMING BEFORE
THE ONLY PERSON COMING BEFORE CONGRESS AND PUTTING HIS HAND IN
CONGRESS AND PUTTING HIS HAND IN THE AIR AND TALKING OPENLY.
THE AIR AND TALKING OPENLY. THERE’S NO GOOD REASON WHY MIKE
THERE’S NO GOOD REASON WHY MIKE FLYNN SHOULDN’T COME TESTIFY AT
FLYNN SHOULDN’T COME TESTIFY AT SOME POINT.
SOME POINT. THERE’S NO GOOD REASON WHY RICK
THERE’S NO GOOD REASON WHY RICK GATES SHOULDN’T COME MANAFORT MI
GATES SHOULDN’T COME MANAFORT MI SUBPOENAED TO TESTIFY.
SUBPOENAED TO TESTIFY. SEE THE PEOPLE AROUND THE
SEE THE PEOPLE AROUND THE PRESIDENT --
PRESIDENT -- >> THEY COULD GET A SHUTTLE BUS
>> THEY COULD GET A SHUTTLE BUS TO THE FEDERAL PRISON.
TO THE FEDERAL PRISON. >> IN TO TALK TO MUELLER
>> IN TO TALK TO MUELLER PRIVATELY, THE GRAND PRIVATELY.
PRIVATELY, THE GRAND PRIVATELY. WE MAY SEE ALL THEM PUBLIC IN
WE MAY SEE ALL THEM PUBLIC IN THE NEXT YEAR AND A HALF.
THE NEXT YEAR AND A HALF. >> LET’S SEE WHAT HATTHAT LOOKS
>> LET’S SEE WHAT HATTHAT LOOKS LIKE.
LIKE. MICHAEL COHEN DESCRIBING WHAT
MICHAEL COHEN DESCRIBING WHAT YOU JUST TALK BED ABOUT.
YOU JUST TALK BED ABOUT. THE UNDERSTANDING THAT YOU HAVE
THE UNDERSTANDING THAT YOU HAVE SO SORT OF LISTEN TO TRUMP’S
SO SORT OF LISTEN TO TRUMP’S CODES.
CODES. >> YOU SUGGESTED THAT THE
>> YOU SUGGESTED THAT THE PRESIDENT SOMETIMES COMMUNICATES
PRESIDENT SOMETIMES COMMUNICATES HZ WISHES
HZ WISHES HIS WISHES INDIRECTLY.
HIS WISHES INDIRECTLY. FOR EXAMPLE, YOU SAID, "MR.
FOR EXAMPLE, YOU SAID, "MR. TRUMP DID NOT DIRECTLY TELL ME
TRUMP DID NOT DIRECTLY TELL ME TO LIE TO CONGRESS.
TO LIE TO CONGRESS. THAT’S NOT HOW HE OPERATES."
THAT’S NOT HOW HE OPERATES." CAN YOU EXPLAIN HOW HE DOES
CAN YOU EXPLAIN HOW HE DOES THIS?
THIS? >> SURE.
>> SURE. IT WOULD BE NO DIFFERENT IF I
IT WOULD BE NO DIFFERENT IF I SAID, THAT’S THE NICEST LOOKING
SAID, THAT’S THE NICEST LOOKING TIE I’VE EVER SEEN, ISN’T IT?
TIE I’VE EVER SEEN, ISN’T IT? WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO, GOING
WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO, GOING TO FIGHT WITH HIM?
TO FIGHT WITH HIM? THE ANSWER IS NO.
THE ANSWER IS NO. YOU SAY, YEAH, IT’S THE NICEST
YOU SAY, YEAH, IT’S THE NICEST LOOKING TIE I’VE EVER SEEN.
LOOKING TIE I’VE EVER SEEN. THAT’S HOW HE SPEAKS.
THAT’S HOW HE SPEAKS. HE DOESN’T GIVE YOU QUESTIONS.
HE DOESN’T GIVE YOU QUESTIONS. HE DOESN’T GIVE YOU ORDERS.
HE DOESN’T GIVE YOU ORDERS. HE SPEAKS IN A CODE.
HE SPEAKS IN A CODE. AND I UNDERSTAND THE CODE
AND I UNDERSTAND THE CODE BECAUSE I’VE BEEN AROUND HIM FOR
BECAUSE I’VE BEEN AROUND HIM FOR A DECADE.
A DECADE. >> AND IT’S YOUR IMPRESSION THAT
>> AND IT’S YOUR IMPRESSION THAT OTHERS WHO WORK FOR HIM
OTHERS WHO WORK FOR HIM UNDERSTAND THE CODE AS WELL?
UNDERSTAND THE CODE AS WELL? >> MOST PEOPLE, YES.
>> MOST PEOPLE, YES. >> IT’S STRIKING, AS MATT SAID,
>> IT’S STRIKING, AS MATT SAID, JIM COMEY TESTIFIED BEFORE
JIM COMEY TESTIFIED BEFORE CONGRESS UNDER OATH THAT WHEN HE
CONGRESS UNDER OATH THAT WHEN HE WAS ASKED TO SEE TO IT TO LET
WAS ASKED TO SEE TO IT TO LET MIKE FLYNN GO, LET THIS MIKE
MIKE FLYNN GO, LET THIS MIKE FLYNN THING GO, HE WASN’T TOLD
FLYNN THING GO, HE WASN’T TOLD TO LET IT GO.
TO LET IT GO. HE WAS TOLD TO SEE TO IT TO LET
HE WAS TOLD TO SEE TO IT TO LET FLYNN GO.
FLYNN GO. THE CODE.
THE CODE. .
. I WATCHED "GOODFELLAS" AS PART
I WATCHED "GOODFELLAS" AS PART OF MY HOMEWORK FOR MY DAY JOB,
OF MY HOMEWORK FOR MY DAY JOB, THIS IS EXACTLY HOW MOB BOSSES
THIS IS EXACTLY HOW MOB BOSSES COMMUNICATIONS THEIR UNDERLINGS.
COMMUNICATIONS THEIR UNDERLINGS. >> IT’S NOT EXACTLY EXPLICIT BUT
>> IT’S NOT EXACTLY EXPLICIT BUT PRETTY CLOSE.
PRETTY CLOSE. >> UNDERSTOOD.
>> UNDERSTOOD. >> I NEVER DEALT WITH MOB
>> I NEVER DEALT WITH MOB BOSSES, BUT I --
BOSSES, BUT I -- >> NO?
>> NO? >> -- COVERED THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN
>> -- COVERED THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN PAIN.
PAIN. I REMEMBER MY FIRST TRIP UP TO
I REMEMBER MY FIRST TRIP UP TO TRUMP TOWER, TRUMP WAS DOING
TRUMP TOWER, TRUMP WAS DOING WELL AND SAID MAYBE YOU SHOULD
WELL AND SAID MAYBE YOU SHOULD DIVERSEIFY YOUR PORTFOLIO AND
DIVERSEIFY YOUR PORTFOLIO AND COVER DONALD TRUMP.
COVER DONALD TRUMP. I WENT UP AND MET WITH THESE
I WENT UP AND MET WITH THESE PEOPLE.
PEOPLE. YOU KNOW WHAT THEY SAID?
YOU KNOW WHAT THEY SAID? THEY SAID, HEY, WE’LL BE REAL
THEY SAID, HEY, WE’LL BE REAL GOOD TO YOU, WE’LL GET YOU
GOOD TO YOU, WE’LL GET YOU ACCESS TO YOU’RE GOOD TO US.
ACCESS TO YOU’RE GOOD TO US. THE SAME MENTALITY, COMPLETE
THE SAME MENTALITY, COMPLETE LACK OF UNDERSTANDING ABOUT WHAT
LACK OF UNDERSTANDING ABOUT WHAT A REPORTER’S JOB WAS.
A REPORTER’S JOB WAS. THAT WASN’T THE POINT TO THEM.
THAT WASN’T THE POINT TO THEM. NO MATTER WHO THEY’RE DEALING
NO MATTER WHO THEY’RE DEALING WITH, IT WAS, YOU KNOW, YOU WANT
WITH, IT WAS, YOU KNOW, YOU WANT TO TAKE CARE OF US.
TO TAKE CARE OF US. WE’LL TAKE CARE OF YOU.
WE’LL TAKE CARE OF YOU. BUT IT’S A LOYALTY FIRST.
BUT IT’S A LOYALTY FIRST. THAT’S HOW THE PRESIDENT HAS
THAT’S HOW THE PRESIDENT HAS TREATED PEOPLE FOR YEARS, AS
TREATED PEOPLE FOR YEARS, AS DONNY AND LOTS OF PEOPLE WHO
DONNY AND LOTS OF PEOPLE WHO HAVE BEEN AROUND HIM KNOW, AND
HAVE BEEN AROUND HIM KNOW, AND AS I THINK ANYBODY COVERING HIM
AS I THINK ANYBODY COVERING HIM FOR ANY PERIOD OF TIME ALSO
FOR ANY PERIOD OF TIME ALSO UNDERSTANDS.
UNDERSTANDS. >> I WANT TO ASK YOU ABOUT THE
>> I WANT TO ASK YOU ABOUT THE MUELLER REPORT.
MUELLER REPORT. THE WHITE HOUSE, I THINK,
THE WHITE HOUSE, I THINK, PROBABLY FEELS THAT THEY’VE DONE
PROBABLY FEELS THAT THEY’VE DONE A LOT OF SPADEWORK TO SULLY
A LOT OF SPADEWORK TO SULLY MUELLER’S REPUTATION, BUT IT’S
MUELLER’S REPUTATION, BUT IT’S PROBABLY A KNOWN UNKNOWN WHAT
PROBABLY A KNOWN UNKNOWN WHAT WILL ACTUALLY BE IN IT.
WILL ACTUALLY BE IN IT. JIM COMEY ADDING HIS VOICE IN AN
JIM COMEY ADDING HIS VOICE IN AN OP-PED TO THE CHORUS OF PEOPLE
OP-PED TO THE CHORUS OF PEOPLE SAYING THAT SOME TRANSPARENCY IN
SAYING THAT SOME TRANSPARENCY IN THE MUELLER PROBE IS A GOOD
THE MUELLER PROBE IS A GOOD THING.
THING. YOU’RE LAUGHING ALREADY.
YOU’RE LAUGHING ALREADY. GIVE ME A SECOND.
GIVE ME A SECOND. "REPUBLICANS ARE WRONG NOW, THEY
"REPUBLICANS ARE WRONG NOW, THEY CLAIM JUSTICE DEPARTMENT RULES
CLAIM JUSTICE DEPARTMENT RULES FORBID TRANSPARENCY ABOUT THE
FORBID TRANSPARENCY ABOUT THE COMPLETED WORK OF THE SPECIAL
COMPLETED WORK OF THE SPECIAL COUNSEL.
COUNSEL. IT’S DIFFICULT TO IMAGINE A CASE
IT’S DIFFICULT TO IMAGINE A CASE OF GREATER PUBLIC INTEREST THAN
OF GREATER PUBLIC INTEREST THAN ONE FOCUSED ON THE EFFORTS OF A
ONE FOCUSED ON THE EFFORTS OF A FOREIGN ADVERSARY TO DAMAGE OUR
FOREIGN ADVERSARY TO DAMAGE OUR DEMOCRACY, AN IMAGE THE
DEMOCRACY, AN IMAGE THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES IS A SUBJECT.
IS A SUBJECT. DON’T LISTEN TO THOSE WHO TELL
DON’T LISTEN TO THOSE WHO TELL YOU TRANSPARENCY IS IMPOSSIBLE.
YOU TRANSPARENCY IS IMPOSSIBLE. EVERY AMERICAN SHOULD WANT A
EVERY AMERICAN SHOULD WANT A JUSTICE DEPARTMENT GUIDED ALWAYS
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT GUIDED ALWAYS BY THE PUBLIC INTEREST.
BY THE PUBLIC INTEREST. SOMETIMES TRANSPARENCY IS NOT A
SOMETIMES TRANSPARENCY IS NOT A HARD CALL."
HARD CALL." HIS COMPLICATED STANDING, IF YOU
HIS COMPLICATED STANDING, IF YOU WILL, ASIDE, THE PRESIDENT, IF
WILL, ASIDE, THE PRESIDENT, IF HE THINKS HE’S INNOCENT, SHOULD
HE THINKS HE’S INNOCENT, SHOULD AGREE WITH JIM COMEY HERE.
AGREE WITH JIM COMEY HERE. >> RIGHT.
>> RIGHT. AND THAT’S NOT WHAT YOU SEE --
AND THAT’S NOT WHAT YOU SEE -- YOU SEE A TAXTTACKS AGAINST JIM
YOU SEE A TAXTTACKS AGAINST JIM COMEY, ATTACKS AGAINST McCAKE TO
COMEY, ATTACKS AGAINST McCAKE TO A LESSER EXTENT, LESSER
A LESSER EXTENT, LESSER ATTACKS --
ATTACKS -- >> LESSER EXTENT?
>> LESSER EXTENT? HE CALLED IT BS AT CPAC.
HE CALLED IT BS AT CPAC. THE ATTACK AGAINST MILLER --
THE ATTACK AGAINST MILLER -- >> I THINK THE PRESIDENT HAS
>> I THINK THE PRESIDENT HAS BEEN RELATIVELY MORE RESTRAINED
BEEN RELATIVELY MORE RESTRAINED IN ATTACKING MUELLER PERSONALLY.
IN ATTACKING MUELLER PERSONALLY. >> YOU WERE SPEAKING OF HANOI
>> YOU WERE SPEAKING OF HANOI DURING CPAC.
DURING CPAC. >> THAT IS TRUE.
>> THAT IS TRUE. I THINK GENERALLY, I MEAN, LOOK,
I THINK GENERALLY, I MEAN, LOOK, THIS PRESIDENT AND THIS
THIS PRESIDENT AND THIS OPERATION, WHAT WE’VE SEEN RUDY
OPERATION, WHAT WE’VE SEEN RUDY GIULIANI DOING FOR MONTHS,
GIULIANI DOING FOR MONTHS, THEY’VE TRIEDED TO DO A LOT OF
THEY’VE TRIEDED TO DO A LOT OF SPADEWORK TO PREJUDICE,
SPADEWORK TO PREJUDICE, INOCULATE THEMSELVES AND
INOCULATE THEMSELVES AND PREJUDICE THE PUBLIC AGAINST
PREJUDICE THE PUBLIC AGAINST WHATEVER FINDINGS COME OUT AND
WHATEVER FINDINGS COME OUT AND YET THERE IS SOME CONCERN, I
YET THERE IS SOME CONCERN, I MEAN, AT THE WHITE HOUSE, AND
MEAN, AT THE WHITE HOUSE, AND AROUND THE PRESIDENT, YOU KNOW,
AROUND THE PRESIDENT, YOU KNOW, HE HAS LONG TOLD HIMSELF, AS
HE HAS LONG TOLD HIMSELF, AS LONG AS I’M IN OFFICE, I’M NOT
LONG AS I’M IN OFFICE, I’M NOT GETTING INDICTED.
GETTING INDICTED. WELL, NOW THAT’S A LEGAL
WELL, NOW THAT’S A LEGAL QUESTION THAT MAY BE LESS THAN
QUESTION THAT MAY BE LESS THAN CERTAIN.
CERTAIN. AND I THINK, YOU KNOW, JUST THIS
AND I THINK, YOU KNOW, JUST THIS WEEK, SOME OF THE LETTERS AND
WEEK, SOME OF THE LETTERS AND THE SUBPOENAS THE PRESIDENT IS
THE SUBPOENAS THE PRESIDENT IS DESCRIBING, 81 LETTERS AS HE
DESCRIBING, 81 LETTERS AS HE SAID, THEY’RE SURPRISED BY THAT.
SAID, THEY’RE SURPRISED BY THAT. THEY’VE BEEN BRACING FOR THIS.
THEY’VE BEEN BRACING FOR THIS. THEY’VE BEEN ADDING MORE, YOU
THEY’VE BEEN ADDING MORE, YOU KNOW, FIREPOWER IN THEIR LEGAL
KNOW, FIREPOWER IN THEIR LEGAL OFFICE.
OFFICE. BUT I THINK WHAT THE DEMOCRATS
BUT I THINK WHAT THE DEMOCRATS ARE STARTING TO DO, I THINK, IS
ARE STARTING TO DO, I THINK, IS CATCHING THEM A LITTLE BIT OFF
CATCHING THEM A LITTLE BIT OFF GUARD.
GUARD. WHILE THE PRESIDENT HAS TOLD
WHILE THE PRESIDENT HAS TOLD PEOPLE, LOOK, IF THEY COME AFTER
PEOPLE, LOOK, IF THEY COME AFTER ME, IT’S GOING TO BE GOOD, I’LL
ME, IT’S GOING TO BE GOOD, I’LL PORTRAY THEM AS ALL ABOUT
PORTRAY THEM AS ALL ABOUT ATTACKING ME AND TAKING ME DOWN.
ATTACKING ME AND TAKING ME DOWN. THEY DON’T HAVE ANY IDEAS.
THEY DON’T HAVE ANY IDEAS. HE’S VERY GOOD, AS DONNY SAID,
HE’S VERY GOOD, AS DONNY SAID, AT PLAYING THE VICTIM.
AT PLAYING THE VICTIM. BUT I THINK IN THEORY, THAT’S
BUT I THINK IN THEORY, THAT’S ONE THING.
ONE THING. I THINK IN ACTUALITY, IT’S VERY
I THINK IN ACTUALITY, IT’S VERY DIFFERENT.
DIFFERENT. AND I THINK THAT PRIVATELY, THE
AND I THINK THAT PRIVATELY, THE PRESIDENT, WHILE HE PROJECTS
PRESIDENT, WHILE HE PROJECTS TOUGHNESS, PRIVATELY, HE’S
TOUGHNESS, PRIVATELY, HE’S PRETTY CONCERNED ABOUT --
PRETTY CONCERNED ABOUT -- >> PRIVATELY AND ON TWITTER.
>> PRIVATELY AND ON TWITTER. >> THEY DON’T HAVE -- THEY
>> THEY DON’T HAVE -- THEY HAVEN’T HAD ANY ANSWERS, ANY
HAVEN’T HAD ANY ANSWERS, ANY EXCULPATORY INFORMATION, FOR ANY
EXCULPATORY INFORMATION, FOR ANY OF THESE THINGS.
OF THESE THINGS. THESE ALLEGATIONS.
THESE ALLEGATIONS. >> YEAH, LOOK, HE’S NEVER
>> YEAH, LOOK, HE’S NEVER BEEN -- HE’S NEVER FOLLOWED THE
BEEN -- HE’S NEVER FOLLOWED THE NEVER LET THEM SEE YOU SWEAT
NEVER LET THEM SEE YOU SWEAT CATEGORY FROM THE BEGINNING.
CATEGORY FROM THE BEGINNING. ONE OF THE THINGS I THINK THAT’S
ONE OF THE THINGS I THINK THAT’S INTERESTING HAS BEEN THE CHANGE
INTERESTING HAS BEEN THE CHANGE IN RESPONSE, EVEN OVER 24 HOURS.
IN RESPONSE, EVEN OVER 24 HOURS. SO YESTERDAY, THEIR INITIAL
SO YESTERDAY, THEIR INITIAL RESPONSE TO THESE 81 -- THIS
RESPONSE TO THESE 81 -- THIS REQUEST FOR DOCUMENTS FROM 81
REQUEST FOR DOCUMENTS FROM 81 PEOPLE, THE PRESIDENT SAID, OH,
PEOPLE, THE PRESIDENT SAID, OH, WE’LL COOPERATE, WE COOPERATE
WE’LL COOPERATE, WE COOPERATE ALL THE TIME.
ALL THE TIME. SARAH SANDERS PUT OUT A NICE
SARAH SANDERS PUT OUT A NICE STATEMENT SAYING WE’LL REVIEW --
STATEMENT SAYING WE’LL REVIEW -- BY LAST NIGHT, THERE WAS THIS
BY LAST NIGHT, THERE WAS THIS UNHINGED STATEMENT FROM THE
UNHINGED STATEMENT FROM THE DEMOCRATS TO COVER UP THEIR
DEMOCRATS TO COVER UP THEIR AGENDA.
AGENDA. >> THEY SAW SOME FOX NEWS PRIME
>> THEY SAW SOME FOX NEWS PRIME AND THEY WERE LIKE, OH, WE --
AND THEY WERE LIKE, OH, WE -- >> THAT’S EXACTLY RIGHT.
>> THAT’S EXACTLY RIGHT. THEN YOU HAD THE PRESIDENT OUT
THEN YOU HAD THE PRESIDENT OUT TODAY LYING ABOUT IT SAYING,
TODAY LYING ABOUT IT SAYING, WELL, THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION
WELL, THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION DIDN’T TURN OVER THESE
DIDN’T TURN OVER THESE DOCUMENTS.
DOCUMENTS. I KNOW THAT’S NOT TRUE.
I KNOW THAT’S NOT TRUE. I REMEMBER GOING TO THE HOUSE
I REMEMBER GOING TO THE HOUSE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE AND READING
OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE AND READING MY E-MAILS POSTED THERE.
MY E-MAILS POSTED THERE. I REMEMBER THE WHITE HOUSE
I REMEMBER THE WHITE HOUSE TURNING OVER DOCUMENTS ABOUT
TURNING OVER DOCUMENTS ABOUT SOLYNDRA, FAST AND FURIOUS,
SOLYNDRA, FAST AND FURIOUS, EVERYTHING ELSE.
EVERYTHING ELSE. >> I DO THE SAME THING, BY THE
>> I DO THE SAME THING, BY THE WAY.
WAY. ENRON, VALERIE PLAME.
ENRON, VALERIE PLAME. >> THAT’S WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU
>> THAT’S WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU WORK IN THE WHITE HOUSE.
WORK IN THE WHITE HOUSE. THEY’RE GOING TO RESIST TURNING
THEY’RE GOING TO RESIST TURNING SOME OF THIS STUFF OVER AND BE
SOME OF THIS STUFF OVER AND BE ABLE TO DELAY SOME OF IT BUT AT
ABLE TO DELAY SOME OF IT BUT AT THE END OF THE DAY, WE’RE GOING
THE END OF THE DAY, WE’RE GOING TO SEE A LOT OF THESE DOCUMENTS.
TO SEE A LOT OF THESE DOCUMENTS. THE PRESIDENT CAN PLAY THE
THE PRESIDENT CAN PLAY THE VICTIM.
VICTIM. THE PRESIDENT CAN ATTACK THE
THE PRESIDENT CAN ATTACK THE DEMOCRATS, BULLET THE SS BUT DOC
DEMOCRATS, BULLET THE SS BUT DOC LIE.
LIE. FACTS DON’T LIE.
FACTS DON’T LIE. THEY’RE GOIM GOINGNG TO COME OUT
THEY’RE GOIM GOINGNG TO COME OUT AMERICAN PEOPLE WILL LOOK AT
AMERICAN PEOPLE WILL LOOK AT THEM FOR THEMSELVES AND IF THE
THEM FOR THEMSELVES AND IF THE WHITE HOUSE HAS BEEN CORRUPT
WHITE HOUSE HAS BEEN CORRUPT FROM THE BEGINNING.
FROM THE BEGINNING. >> AS FAR AS OBSTRUCTION OF
>> AS FAR AS OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE, THAT’S GOING TO BE
JUSTICE, THAT’S GOING TO BE NEVER ENDING.
NEVER ENDING. THEY BROUGHT UP GARY CO HORKS N
THEY BROUGHT UP GARY CO HORKS N FOR
FOR UP GARY CO HORKS N
FOR UP GARY CO HORKS N FOR
COHN FOR THE FIRST TIME TODAY.
COHN FOR THE FIRST TIME TODAY. THE AT&amp;T AND TIME WARNER MERGER
THE AT&amp;T AND TIME WARNER MERGER WAS LEGAL.
WAS LEGAL. BASICALLY ACCORDING TO REPORTS,
BASICALLY ACCORDING TO REPORTS, NO SURPRISE IF YOU KNOW TRUMP,
NO SURPRISE IF YOU KNOW TRUMP, KILL THAT DEAL, I DON’T LIKE
KILL THAT DEAL, I DON’T LIKE CNN.
CNN. THIS
THIS THIS IS SOMETHING SO OUTSIDE THE
THIS IS SOMETHING SO OUTSIDE THE REALM, SO NOTHING TO DO WITH
REALM, SO NOTHING TO DO WITH CAMPAIGN FINANCE, SO NOTHING TO
CAMPAIGN FINANCE, SO NOTHING TO DO WITH MONEY LAUNDERING.
DO WITH MONEY LAUNDERING. >> LET ME PUT THAT TO YOU,
>> LET ME PUT THAT TO YOU, FRANK.
FRANK. IS IT POSSIBLE IF THE
IS IT POSSIBLE IF THE OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE IS WHAT
OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE IS WHAT DONNY DESCRIBED, ONGOING DAILY
DONNY DESCRIBED, ONGOING DAILY CONDUCT, THAT MUELLER HAS TO
CONDUCT, THAT MUELLER HAS TO OFFLOAD THAT SOMEWHERE TO
OFFLOAD THAT SOMEWHERE TO ANOTHER OFFICE OR ANOTHER PLACE
ANOTHER OFFICE OR ANOTHER PLACE TO PURSUE IT?
TO PURSUE IT? BECAUSE AS DONNY SAYS, IT’S HARD
BECAUSE AS DONNY SAYS, IT’S HARD TO FIND AN END POINT TO THAT
TO FIND AN END POINT TO THAT CONDUCT.
CONDUCT. >> I THINK SO.
>> I THINK SO. I THINK THE LOGICAL, YOU KNOW,
I THINK THE LOGICAL, YOU KNOW, BREAKAGE THERE WOULD BE, LOOK,
BREAKAGE THERE WOULD BE, LOOK, IF THE OBSTRUCTION’S DEALING
IF THE OBSTRUCTION’S DEALING DIRECTLY WITH SOMETHING WITHIN
DIRECTLY WITH SOMETHING WITHIN MUELLER’S REMIT, HE TAKES IT,
MUELLER’S REMIT, HE TAKES IT, ADDRESSES IT IN HIS SPORT OR
ADDRESSES IT IN HIS SPORT OR SFINS S
SFINS S SPINS OFF THE PROSECUTION.
SPINS OFF THE PROSECUTION. IF IT’S NOT IN HIS REMIT, IT TEH
IF IT’S NOT IN HIS REMIT, IT TEH HANDS THAT OFF TO THE
HANDS THAT OFF TO THE APPROPRIATE OFFICE.
APPROPRIATE OFFICE. WHAT I’LL BE INTERESTED IN
WHAT I’LL BE INTERESTED IN WATCHING CLOSELY IS THE
WATCHING CLOSELY IS THE INTERPLAY BETWEEN THE CONTENTS
INTERPLAY BETWEEN THE CONTENTS AND TONE OF MUELLER’S REPORT AND
AND TONE OF MUELLER’S REPORT AND THE OPTICS AND PERCEPTION IN HOW
THE OPTICS AND PERCEPTION IN HOW TRUMP’S GOING TO USE IT WITH
TRUMP’S GOING TO USE IT WITH REGARD TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
REGARD TO THE CONGRESSIONAL INQUIRIES.
INQUIRIES. RIGHT?
RIGHT? SO RIGHTLY OR WRONGLY, WHATEVER
SO RIGHTLY OR WRONGLY, WHATEVER MUELLER SAYS OR INCLUDES OR
MUELLER SAYS OR INCLUDES OR CHOOSES NOT TO, IS GOING TO
CHOOSES NOT TO, IS GOING TO IMPACT THE PUBLIC’S PERCEPTION
IMPACT THE PUBLIC’S PERCEPTION OF WHAT CONGRESS IS DOING, AND
OF WHAT CONGRESS IS DOING, AND WHETHER CONGRESS SHOULD OR
WHETHER CONGRESS SHOULD OR SHOULD NOT BE PURSUING
SHOULD NOT BE PURSUING SOMETHING, AND TRUMP IS GOING TO
SOMETHING, AND TRUMP IS GOING TO USE IT IN THAT FASHION AND TRY
USE IT IN THAT FASHION AND TRY TO DRIVE A WEDGE AND SAY, SO,
TO DRIVE A WEDGE AND SAY, SO, FOR EXAMPLE, NO COLLUSION FOUND,
FOR EXAMPLE, NO COLLUSION FOUND, CONGRESS SHOULD STOP WHAT
CONGRESS SHOULD STOP WHAT THEY’RE DOING.
THEY’RE DOING. EVEN THOUGH THE TWO ARE NOT
EVEN THOUGH THE TWO ARE NOT LINKED.
LINKED. RIGHT?
RIGHT? CRIMES, RUSSIA, CONSPIRACY.
CRIMES, RUSSIA, CONSPIRACY. BUT THAT’S GOT TO BE CAREFULLY
BUT THAT’S GOT TO BE CAREFULLY CALCULATED AS WELL.
CALCULATED AS WELL. JIM COMEY’S RIGHT.
JIM COMEY’S RIGHT. WE NEED MORE DETAILS RATHER THAN
WE NEED MORE DETAILS RATHER THAN LESS.
LESS. IT’S AN UNPRECEDENTED TIME IN
IT’S AN UNPRECEDENTED TIME IN OUR HISTORY.
OUR HISTORY. APPLYING CRIMINAL STANDARDS TO
APPLYING CRIMINAL STANDARDS TO HOW WE SHAPE THIS MUELLER REPORT
HOW WE SHAPE THIS MUELLER REPORT WILL NOT WORK FOR US.
WILL NOT WORK FOR US. >> ALYSSA, THERE’S SOMETHING
>> ALYSSA, THERE’S SOMETHING ABOUT WATCHING THIS WHITE HOUSE
ABOUT WATCHING THIS WHITE HOUSE BRACE FOR A REAL CRISIS.
BRACE FOR A REAL CRISIS. THEY DON’T PULL OFF THE EASY
THEY DON’T PULL OFF THE EASY DAYS.
DAYS. THEY DON’T PULL OFF TRIPS TO
THEY DON’T PULL OFF TRIPS TO CEMETERIES ON FOREIGN TRIPS TO
CEMETERIES ON FOREIGN TRIPS TO HONOR VETERANS.
HONOR VETERANS. THEY DON’T PULL OFF LOW-HANGING
THEY DON’T PULL OFF LOW-HANGING FRUIT.
FRUIT. THEY DON’T -- THEY DON’T UTTER,
THEY DON’T -- THEY DON’T UTTER, YOU KNOW, PLATITUDES ABOUT
YOU KNOW, PLATITUDES ABOUT MEMBERS OF CONGRESS WITH CANCER.
MEMBERS OF CONGRESS WITH CANCER. I MEAN, THEY DON’T PULL OFF THE
I MEAN, THEY DON’T PULL OFF THE EASY THINGS.
EASY THINGS. HOW ARE THEY GOING TO BRACE FOR
HOW ARE THEY GOING TO BRACE FOR THIS?
THIS? >> SO THIS WAS SOMETHING THAT,
>> SO THIS WAS SOMETHING THAT, YOU KNOW, I HAVE WORRIED ABOUT
YOU KNOW, I HAVE WORRIED ABOUT ALL ALONG.
ALL ALONG. BEING DEPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF FOR
BEING DEPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF FOR OPERATIONS, YOU KNOW, WORKING IN
OPERATIONS, YOU KNOW, WORKING IN THE WHITE HOUSE, EVERYONE HAS
THE WHITE HOUSE, EVERYONE HAS THEIR JOB.
THEIR JOB. YOU HAVE YOUR ROLE, YOU HAVE
YOU HAVE YOUR ROLE, YOU HAVE YOUR RESPONSIBILITY.
YOUR RESPONSIBILITY. YOU HAVE YOUR REMIT.
YOU HAVE YOUR REMIT. THE PRESIDENT’S SCHEDULE IS THE
THE PRESIDENT’S SCHEDULE IS THE ORGANIZING PRINCIPLE AROUND WHAT
ORGANIZING PRINCIPLE AROUND WHAT EVERYONE IS DOING IN THE WHITE
EVERYONE IS DOING IN THE WHITE HOUSE.
HOUSE. THEY DON’T DO ANYTHING.
THEY DON’T DO ANYTHING. YOU DON’T KNOW WHAT ANYBODY’S
YOU DON’T KNOW WHAT ANYBODY’S DOING.
DOING. 50% OF THEM ARE TRYING TO SAVE
50% OF THEM ARE TRYING TO SAVE THEMSELVES.
THEMSELVES. >> 50%?
>> 50%? >> LET’S SAY 75%.
>> LET’S SAY 75%. I WAS GOING TO BE GENEROUS.
I WAS GOING TO BE GENEROUS. 75%.
75%. AND THEY’RE ALL TRYING TO SAVE
AND THEY’RE ALL TRYING TO SAVE THEMSELVES.
THEMSELVES. SO IT HAS TO BE SOME SORT OF
SO IT HAS TO BE SOME SORT OF CIRCULAR FIRING SQUAD IN THAT
CIRCULAR FIRING SQUAD IN THAT WEST WING EVERY SINGLE DAY.
WEST WING EVERY SINGLE DAY. AND, YOU KNOW, I GUESS THE BEST
AND, YOU KNOW, I GUESS THE BEST THING WE CAN HOPE FOR IS THIS
THING WE CAN HOPE FOR IS THIS ALL GETS HANDLED BEFORE THERE’S,
ALL GETS HANDLED BEFORE THERE’S, LIKE, A REAL AMERICAN CRISIS OR
LIKE, A REAL AMERICAN CRISIS OR EMERGENCY THAT NEEDS TO BE